Welcome deposit is preview
today it's about the new model of the 3d
printer that is the plot likes four of them
I need five pieces right now
As you can see I am currently printing the
parts for the second printer is there
So a lot has already been printed
and how you can recognize how it works
300 x 200 mm actually pretty good
and now this time stopped because
I as a basis for the control one
quaint dell latitude about 800 users
or it's a deag tournee 800 and that
Ding is easy and n73 with 800
megahertz so that one can not but more
try for it but start it
Everything is still going on so what's up in it?
In this case and I print just the
y-axis or x-axis carrier that is so
in Saxony holder as here the
trolley for the islands axis and
of course the weight extruder together
with a few small parts
the problem which now have time for
Here's how to get on the video for sure
can not tell is that the
items not quite homogeneous printed
become
this is due to pressure in this case on
So glass something that I never expected
would actually have occurred
Glas is not clear why that is
I have not really been able to
find out because
there is no reason why that
A problem should be if I am now
go down here from my height
and the whole a bit up close
considered to find that
for example here with this gear
the lines are all a bit thin
and that a bit suddenly become
everything is here with the little one
baker extruder gear is in fact
but it is quite right next to it
totally good without any
difficulty is therefore clicks
back here in this area
actually backwards off and me
just could not quite understand
what this is now what the
related if the other glass plan
And that's how I am
here glass plates can be cut extra
and this is kam k mi
flames glass so the company as
camille flames resp
it could also be that a glass should
that is the name of the original
meant for fireplace and there was mine
hope that this is also reasonable
works so far i say i am
not completely disappointed but so plan
as I thought, it just is not
you can practically 230 x 200 maybe
Also 240 x 200 you can reasonably
clean dry but the last 60
inches thick and yes that is
somehow not as perfect as
you can see here
that's the construction that I get
thought of it here for the straps
leadership but just look where I
collisions for the belt leadership that
So does pretty cool that
these little coffee makers here
if you look at it from the side
You can tell that here are small
ball bearings are in there the vines are
So almost frictionless third
guided from below and from above is one
pass disc in it is very much
good and anni a construction of
Christian here is a central one
Storage of the ypsilon bremen
So that's free of charge with me
believe that emi has in his
original construction relatively similar
get it done or something similar
The whole thing will be here in the middle
handy to the trolley handy
Jammed in the simple
So we take the belts here
practically the teeth with in the
trolley then you can print
the belt since precise use that
maximum pressure given by the suck
pain in and down then just stop
simply the nozzle together with the bed
extruder that is here one of
hr3 he calls himself the problem on the
he 3ds you always have to be down here
on such a stupid metal plates underneath
to glue the nozzle around the nozzle
I do not think I'm that ideal
So let's see if I will soon
Build your own extruder somehow
world extra but better to print because
all this printing world extruder
I currently do not think so
nice so a combination of those
here and one where the nozzle reasonable
I thought it was great because of that
nice thing about this is of course
the role here back so say this
poor
which is stored directly here below
plastic you can because you do not need
individual parts with
it all hangs together nicely
everything works just wonderfully
Stop the story with this one
I think not quite so ideal solved
that's how it looks when it's done
I have a little here now
video pushed because I believe it
is quite interesting to see how
neat and clean the whole will
if you give them an exact
Look at it I try it
a little bit spicy what he did
said not so easy
because of the lighting and then you become one
Realize that the parts are really here
pure flowers are very great
Here, too, the cellar story
with the straps that's so good that
you can insert the straps directly here
You have to think we can do that
vines are t25 that is a rather
Teeth what you see here is straight
a millimeter tall and they are
all wonderfully clean up here
now a mistake where I'm not quite
exactly knows where it comes from but not
so bad you go in there
screwdriver in and then that is
whole again clean which I also completely
good at the whole story is
that the whole thing is not more
must be reworked so if you
here a certain extent in the
For example, construction pays attention
plus 0.3 millimeters at the holes then
you can suck it smacking here
for example, the rods here
push in the ihks axis holder
and through the two holes the quasi
here for a long time to this
you can put here
the whole city ​​then in plastic
tighten so to speak because
the plastic is still under load
a bit flexible and can
be compressed
and that works very well
There is no need for a crimping connector
or something like that you can construct
then just squeeze together like that
Also the gear here you can see it too
by 3d more is quite outstanding
they are relatively good
designed together with the extruder
except for the problems that I have
That's what people have said yesterday
then just punch the air
without somehow closing them
has the advantage she does not have to
opening up has the big disadvantage that
it's pretty stupid from below now
looks partial but overall bin
I am very happy with the print job here
satisfied
that has become a nice palette na
Well that 's it, thank you
to see and appreciate any
comments from there to the next
we'll see each other